If any question has keywords like 
 - k
 - smallest/largest 
then it can be inferred as a question which can be solved using Heap.  
## Heap 
- A heap is a binary tree-based data structure that satisfies the heap property. The heap property states that for any given node in the heap, the value of that node must be either greater than or equal to (in a max heap) or less than or equal to (in a min heap) the values of its children.

- A binary tree is a hierarchical structure where each node has at most two children: a left child and a right child. In a heap, the binary tree is complete, meaning that all levels of the tree are fully filled except possibly the last level, which is filled from left to right.

- There are two main types of heaps:  
**Max Heap**: In a max heap, the value of each node is greater than or equal to the values of its children. Therefore, the root node of a max heap contains the maximum value in the heap.

**Min Heap**: In a min heap, the value of each node is less than or equal to the values of its children. Thus, the root node of a min heap contains the minimum value in the heap.

Heaps are commonly used to implement priority queues, where elements are inserted with associated priorities, and the element with the highest priority is always removed first.

Heaps can be represented using an array. The array can be thought of as a level-by-level representation of the binary tree, where each node's children can be found at specific indices. For example, for a node at index i, its left child is at index `2i + 1`, and its right child is at index `2i + 2`.

Since every node has two children therfore `2i` and to accomodate 0-based indexing we add 1 or 2;  